AT LEAST ONE VARIANT OF BREAKOUT THAT YOU THOUGHT WAS INTERESTING AND WHAT WAS INTERESTING ABOUT IT

I found a ping pong variant of breakout at http://www.gamesxl.com/arcade/breakout-pong.
I thought it was interesting because it was a two-player rather than single player game. It also was interesting
that they had the blocks on the opposite sides of the players and that rather than actual ping pong, where you are
trying to get it past the other opponent to the other side, the goal of the game is to protect bricks, as the enemy
bricks are the real source of points for a player to compete on.

A GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE DIFFERENT LEVELS YOU INTEND TO BUILD (PERHAPS WITH "PICTURES" OF THE BLOCK CONFIGURATIONS)

General description of how level progression works: The way the breakout ping pong example is played is based off a 
points system where a player must protect his/her blocks in order to prevent the other opponent from scoring. 
However, the way I want to implement ping pong is to give each player 3 lives at the beginning of each level, and a new
level starts once one of the players loses all of his/her lives. At the end of the level, the victor is the survivor, 
the victor is awarded 1 point, and the player with the most points after the final level is the overall winner.

Level configurations: I plan on building 3 levels, each of which have block configurations that are read from a file.
There will be rows of blocks behind each paddle, similar to that in block_config_example.jpg. In the first level,
there will only be two rows of blocks behind each paddle. In the second level, there will be four rows. In the third level,
there will be four rows of blocks with more blocks added in the middle of the screen in a three-layer brick offset layout
(obviously the blocks will have substantial width, too):

|		|
	|
|		|
	|
|		|

Progression of difficulty with each level: With each level, the speed of the ball will gradually increase, the size 
of the paddle will decrease, and the time between power ups appearing will gradually decrease.

SEVERAL DIFFERENT BLOCKS YOU WANT TO CREATE

One-tier block: One hit and it disappears.
Two-tier block: Two hits and it disappears.
Three-tier block: Three hits and it disappears.
Extra-life block: Block that gives the player that hit it an extra life.
Cement block: Unbreakable block
Random power up block: Hit it and a random power up will be activated

SEVERAL DIFFERENT POWER UPS YOU WANT TO CREATE

Rules: 1) whoever hits the power up is the one that gets its effects, unless it's ball-related, in which case both players
see the effects 2) all power ups are activated for only a certain amount of time

Ball Clone - creates a copy of the ball
Cementer - turns all of your blocks into cement blocks
Paddle Zoomer - makes your paddle travel a fraction (to-be-determined) faster
Paddle Slower - makes the enemy paddle travel a fraction (to-be-determined) slower
Ball Zoomer - makes the ball go a fraction (to-be-determined) faster
Ball Slower - makes the ball go a fraction (to-be-determined) slower

SEVERAL DIFFERENT CHEAT KEYS YOU ARE PLANNING TO INCLUDE

1-3: allows you to jump to these levels in the game
L: Gives player 1 an extra life
F: Gives player 2 an extra life
R: Resets the ball and paddles to starting position
Y: Restart the game

SOMETHING EXTRA YOU INTEND TO ADD AND WHY YOU THINK IT IS A SUBSTANTIAL ADDITION

Something extra - I want to add music to the game. For instance, a theme song while the game
is playing, and a transition song in between each level.

Why I think it is substantial - I think it's substantial because I'm essentially figuring out
how to play music files from a java program and having them run constantly throughout the game. I would
also need to take care of transition events.

3 PADDLE ABILITIES (NOT PART OF PLAN, BUT INCLUDED JUST TO BE SAFE)

Ideally, I want the paddle abilities to be activated when the player gets to his/her last life.

Sticky paddle - your paddle can catch the ball and release it at a random direction by hitting a key
Big paddle - your paddle is twice as big as before
Small paddle - enemy paddle is twice as small as before